---
layout: post
date: 2020-09-24 14:55:05 +0100
title: "Automating Processes in Modern Architectures (Bernd Ruecker)"
meetuplink: "https://www.meetup.com/rheinjug/events/272817017/"
categories: rheinjug event
status: "past"
ort: "null"
zeit: "18:30"
---
<p>Link zum Event: <a href="https://bbb.cs.hhu.de/b/rhe-6yi-flo-pb7" class="linkified">https://bbb.cs.hhu.de/b/rhe-6yi-flo-pb7</a></p> <p>ACHTUNG: Bedingt durch Corona, wird dieser Vortrag nicht wie gewohnt offline in der Heinrich-Heine-Universität stattfinden. Wir steigen vorerst auf online Vorträge um. Der Link bzw. die Infos zur Teilnahme am Online Vortrag folgen noch.</p> <p>Der Vortag findet in Deutsch statt!</p> <p>Abstract:<br/>We’re slicing and dicing systems into ever-shrinking pieces, from microservices to serverless functions, that should be reactive and event-driven. End-to-end processes now often require the integration of multiple components - but of course, without coupling them too tightly. In an e-commerce company, for example, a “customer order” might involve different services for payments, inventory, shipping, and more. I see many companies slicing up their core business processes in the pursuit of modern architectures and running into unanticipated challenges along the way.</p> <p>This talk will foster your understanding of how (business) processes can generally be implemented and monitored. I will compare different approaches, from batches over streaming, to workflow engines. You will understand the impact on agility and what is different in modern architectures, as well as learning about choreography and orchestration.</p> <p>Of course, you will also see concrete examples and live coding using Java, Spring Boot and Camunda.</p> <p>Bio:<br/>I am a software developer at heart who has been innovating process automation deployed in highly scalable and agile environments of industry leaders such as T-Mobile, Lufthansa, ING and Atlassian. I contributed to various open-source workflow engines for more than 15 years and I'm the Co-Founder and Chief Technologist of Camunda – an open-source software company reinventing process automation. I am author of "Practical Process Automation" and co-author of "Real-Life BPMN". Additionally, I am regular speaker at conferences around the world and a frequent contributor to several technology publications. I focus on new process automation paradigms that fit into modern architectures around distributed systems, microservices, domain-driven design, event-driven architecture, and reactive systems.</p> <p>Quelle: <a href="https://berndruecker.io/bio.php" class="linkified">https://berndruecker.io/bio.php</a></p> 
