---
layout: post
date: 2024-04-23 14:55:05 +0100
title: "JUG Tour: Ed Burns und Sandra Ahlgrimm "
meetuplink: "https://www.meetup.com/rheinjug/events/300283963/"
categories: rheinjug event
status: "past"
ort: "Universität Düsseldorf, Hörsaal 5C, Gebäude 25.12"
zeit: "18:30"
---
<p>Los geht es wieder mit der rheinjug und wir haben Ed Burns und Sandra Ahlgrimm von Microsoft am **Dienstag** den 23.04. zu Gast.</p> <p>Wir werden zwei Vorträge hören</p> <p>**Developer Career Masterplan: Build your path to senior level and beyond**</p> <p>Heather Vancura and Bruno Souza have a new book out on the topic of how to have a successful and rewarding career as a software developer. The title of this session is the title of the book. Ed Burns wrote a book on the same topic in 2008. In this 45-minute session Ed brings the insight he gained from writing his book to the task of interviewing Heather about the lessons she learned in interviewing a diverse selection of 26 successful developers. Between Ed, Heather, and the people they both interviewed, there is over a century of developer career experience in this talk! This informative and fun session will give you some practical tips to improve your own career.</p> <p>**Pioneering the Future of Java with Intelligent Apps**<br/>Disruptive changes are so called because they cut across traditional boundaries in whatever domain it is they are disrupting. This keynote from 30-year software industry veteran Ed Burns and cutting-edge AI practitioner Sandra Ahlgrimm explores the ways that AI can be practically applied in a typical contemporary cloud-native Java Azure application deployment. We take examples from a full-length workshop and examine each in the context of the AI and cloud-native application patterns being illustrated.<br/>· What is the state of the art for continuing to derive value from existing legacy enterprise Java software line-of-business (LOB) applications?<br/>· We will use a chatbot to interact with GPT-4 and implement the Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) pattern.<br/>· Using a vector database, the model will be able to answer questions in natural language and generate complete, sourced responses from your own documents.<br/>· How can AI augment legacy LOB apps?<br/>· We will create a Quarkus service based on the open-source LangChain4J and ChatBootAI frameworks to test our chatbot.<br/>· This being Global Azure Austria, naturally, these resources are deployed to Azure.<br/>After this keynote, you will have a clearer understanding of large language models and how they work, as well as ideas for using them in your applications. You will also know how to create a functional knowledge base and chatbot, and how to deploy them in the cloud.</p> <p>**Sandra Ahlgrimm**<br/>Sandra is a Cloud Developer Advocate focusing on microservice architectures and containers on prem and on the Azure platform. She helps in the Docker and Kubernetes communities whenever she can. She’s organizing the Berlin Docker Meetup. Sandra has a strong background in software development. She holds an M.Sc. in Media and Computer Science from Beuth University of Applied Sciences. During her studies, she worked in several start-ups and companies of Axel Springers where she gained expertise in setting up hybrid infrastructures, devops culture, and process automation. Sandra is a huge fan of event-driven architectures with real-time requirements.</p> <p>**Ed Burns**<br/>Ed Burns is currently Principal Architect on the Java Tooling and Experiences team at Microsoft. In this role, Ed will help make Azure the best place for Enterprise Java. Ed has worked on a wide variety of client and server side web technologies since 1994, including NCSA Mosaic, Netscape 6, Mozilla, the Sun Java Plugin, Jakarta Tomcat and JavaServer Faces, and the Servlet specification. Ed has lead or co-lead the expert groups for Servlet and JavaServer Faces. Ed has published four books with McGraw-Hill: JavaServerFaces: The Complete Reference (2006), Secrets of the Rockstar Programmers: Riding the IT crest (2008) JavaServer Faces 2.0: The Complete Reference (2010) and Hudson Continuous Integration In Practice (2013). To learn more about his books or projects, you can visit his website at <a href="https://ridingthecrest.com/" class="linkified">https://ridingthecrest.com/</a></p> 
